.\" $Id: burgerspace-server.6.in,v 1.1.2.3 2009/06/21 23:38:55 sarrazip Exp $
.\" BurgerSpace server manual page
.\"
.\" burgerspace-server - UDP server for networked BurgerSpace
.\" Copyright (C) 2007-2009 Pierre Sarrazin <http://sarrazip.com/>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\" of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
.\" 02110-1301, USA.
.\"
.\"
.TH burgerspace-server "6" "May 16th, 2010" "" ""
.SH NAME
burgerspace-server \- UDP server for the networked version of BurgerSpace
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B burgerspace-server
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBburgerspace-server\fR
is a server that accepts connections from BurgerSpace clients 
to allow two players to compete with each other. One player controls the
chef and the other controls the egg. Other clients can connect as
spectators.
.PP
burgerspace-server should be started in a terminal. To terminate it,
give the Ctrl-C sequence or use the kill(1) command with the server's
process ID as the argument.
.PP
The connections use the UDP protocol. The \fB--port\fR option can be
used to specify a non-default listening port (see below).
.PP
After the server has started, the user who wants to control the chef
must start the client with this command:
.PP
burgerspace --server=the.server.hostname.com --chef
.PP
Use the appropriate hostname or IP address as the argument for --server.
The user who wants to control the egg must give the --enemy option instead
of --chef.
The --port option can be added to the burgerspace command-line to specify
the server port, if the server was started with a non-default UDP listening
port.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display a help page and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
display version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-initial\-level=N\fR
start game at level N.  Default is 1.  N must be at least 1.
.TP
\fB\-\-port=PORT\fR
UDP port number on which the server must listen for incoming clients.
The default is 49152.
.SH LICENSE
This program is free software; you may redistribute it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License.  This program has absolutely no warranty.
.SH AUTHORS
Pierre Sarrazin (code)
.br
Luce St-Amand (most images)
.SH FILES
This program uses the
\fBflatzebra\fR library, by the same author.
This library is itself based on the SDL graphics library
(see http://www.libsdl.org).
.PP
See the BurgerSpace Home Page:
.br
http://sarrazip.com/dev/burgerspace.html
.SH BUGS
Performance has not been tested thoroughly.
Users who want to play the stable stand-alone game should use version 1.8.3.
.SH SEE ALSO
burgerspace(6)
