.\" $Id: burgerspace.6,v 1.10 2010/03/30 03:49:30 sarrazip Exp $
.\" Burgerspace manual page
.\"
.\" burgerspace - A hamburger-smashing video game.
.\" Copyright (C) 2001-2010 Pierre Sarrazin <http://sarrazip.com/>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\" of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
.\" 02110-1301, USA.
.\"
.\"
.TH BURGERSPACE "6" "March 30th, 2010" "" ""
.SH NAME
burgerspace \- a BurgerTime(TM) clone
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B burgerspace
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBburgerspace\fR
is a game where you are a chef and you must walk over hamburger
ingredients (buns, meat, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese) to make them fall
from floor to floor, until they end up in the plates at the bottom of
the screen.
Use the 
\fBarrow keys\fR
to move the chef.
.PP
However, you must do this while avoiding terrible enemies,
such as eggs, sausages and pickles.  You will die if
they touch you, but you can spray pepper on them with the
\fBControl key\fR
to paralyze them temporarily.
.PP
Use those pepper shots sparingly however, because you only
have a limited number of them.  Pick up the treat that appears
from time to time to obtain a new pepper shot.
.PP
Use the
\fBP key\fR
to pause the game, and to resume it afterwards.
Use the
\fBEscape key\fR
to quit the program.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display a help page and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
display version information and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-initial\-level=N\fR
start game at level N.  Default is 1.  N must be at least 1.
.TP
\fB\-\-ms\-per\-frame=N\fR
N milliseconds per animation frame.  Default is 55.
Minimum is 1.  Maximum is 1000.  50 means 20 frames per second.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-sound\fR
Disable the sound effects, which are enabled by default.
.TP
\fB\-\-full\-screen\fR
Attempt to use the full screen mode.  The default is to display the
game in an ordinary window.
.TP
\fB\-\-old\-motion\fR
Use the old player motion system.  The new system is used by default.
In the new motion system, when the requested direction is impossible,
the last moving direction is attempted.
This can be useful to turn corners automatically.
In the old system, when the requested direction is impossible,
the player does not move.
.TP
\fB\-\-z\-for\-pepper\fR
Use the Z key instead of the Control key to shoot pepper.
.SH LICENSE
This program is free software; you may redistribute it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License.  This program has absolutely no warranty.
.SH AUTHORS
Pierre Sarrazin (code)
.br
Luce St-Amand (most images)
.SH FILES
This program uses the
\fBflatzebra\fR library, by the same author.
This library is itself based on the SDL graphics library
(see http://www.libsdl.org).
.PP
See the BurgerSpace Home Page:
.br
http://sarrazip.com/dev/burgerspace.html
.SH BUGS
The sound effects may be annoying.
.PP
High scores are not remembered.
.PP
No attempt was made to emulate the exact behavior of the
enemies in the original game.
.PP
The meat looks rather unsavory, not to mention what it
really looks like.  This is one image that was not drawn
by Luce...
